The Hannah Montana event will take place in two rooms. One - Sci-Fi Drive In. this room is already mapped. There will be another room that I need to map later. The following all will take place in the Sci-Fi Drive-in. There will be a general hangout time during the event which will use the lantern 2 lantern 3 and lantern 4. there will also be a "performance" during the event at some point. the performance will use all other assets and music.
LW BG - current overlay in testing. this will be part of the performance.
hannah-flying-light.gif - this is a light; make a light pop out the right side, it can flicker a bit. It will be on the tip top overlay and and hover around the left side of the room during performance.
hannah-flying-speaker.gif - speaker - also top overlay, could have flip effect, could add pulse effect to front to simulate music coming out (or slowly spawn little blue music notes that float up) during performance
hannah-flying-treepink.gif and hannah-flying-treeblue.gif - background props for the performance. I imagine two of each color on each side, mid screen - slightly going up and down to immolate floating, no other movement besides flying in + out at the end. these will be on 2nd lower level, just one level above the “night mode” layer
hannah-lantern2.png and hannah-lantern3.png and hannah-lantern4.png - start from bottom and rise to top slowly like a traditional chinese lantern with a flicker/pulse. release a couple from different spots every few minutes
hannah-lantern1 - will be reserved for only the choreographed performance.
https://www.youtube.com/live/iXMgtPEm4wE - this video should open in a pop-up viewer during the event

I want to setup two aspects. One, the hangout. Two, the performance. I need a way to host this as an event. It would be ideal if I could host the hangout event on the calendar and manually trigger the event but make it synced across all users in the room. Otherwise, I assume I will need to schedule two overlapping events to trigger the longer hangout and the shorter performance (they will overlap)